---
chNum: 14
---

At home, Mom was already packing up a bag for the weekend. "I prepared a lot of freshly-steamed buns for you," she said.

"Freshly-steamed? What about the old ones?"

"They were getting moldy so I threw a lot of them away."

"Why did you make this many in the first place?"

"Ehh," Mom shrugged awkwardly. "I like making them. Helps me relax."

Along with the buns, she also packed a week's worth of clothes and a sleeping bag she bought yesterday. The P.E. teacher had said tents would be provided, and I thought that would be enough, but Mom insisted that tents were just a thin piece of fabric and I still needed a bag for a good-night's sleep.

"I also prepared matches, lighters, mosquito sprays, flashlights and batteries —"

"Mom! Let me do this myself!" I said. I knew she wouldn't let me, and I was secretly quite grateful she got all of this ready, but still. How was I going to learn anything if she did all of it for me?

"Sure, you can look through here. I'll fetch the pocket knife in my room."

I looked in the bag, but couldn't really think of anything Mom hadn't already put there, so I just waited until she returned with the pocket knife. The bag was heavy, stuffed full of excesses. Who needed three flashlights and two packs of replacement batteries for one night? But I didn't dare remove anything, in case Mom scolded me and put them right back.

She wedged the pocket knife into the cupholder, next to my water bottle. I slung the bag across my shoulders. It was heavy but bearable, though I worried that it would get heavier as I got more tired bearing it. If it came to that, I could just drop one of the two hundred cans of mosquito spray.

The next morning, I met Sugarcane at our usual spot in front of her apartment. She only had a light bag with some snacks, and her eyes popped when she saw my gigantic abomination.

"Did I bring too little or did you bring too much?" Her gaze toggled between her bag and mine.

"My mom." I shook my head.

"Let me carry that," she frowned.

"No way!" I ducked under her hand and made a run for it, which proved to be a bad idea as I nearly fell over under the weight. Sugarcane caught me.

"That does not look good," she said. "You sure you can manage that?"

"I'm sure," I said. We made it to school with no problems.

Thunder was near the gate. "To the clearing on the right. There's a bus," he said and yawned.

"Thanks," Sugarcane said and headed towards the clearing facing our classrooms, and sure enough, the P.E. teacher stood in front of a bus.

"Get on," she ushered us inside. It was half-filled, so it was easy to find two seats together.

The bus slowly filled, and Sugarcane invited Cosmo and Sunny to sit in the two seats in front of us. To our surprise, Jewel also boarded the bus.

"Jewel?" Sunny asked. "What are you doing here?"

"You have to call me Vice-president Jewel," she answered, "since you're my minion now!"

As she sat behind us, the P.E. teacher got on herself. "Class five," she announced. "There may be some eighth and ninth graders here who need to redo this assignment. Don't be like them."

"And yeah, that's why," Jewel said. "I failed it last year."

Wow. I would probably fail too. I could already see Mom's face in my mind, saying "You just need *more* stuff next year!"

Thunder did attendance, and after confirming everyone was here, we were on our way.

It felt like an eternity, and the smell of bus seats made me sick. I drifted off to sleep with my heavy bag in my laps.

Sugarcane shook me awake as the bus pulled to a stop. "We're here."

I reluctantly stood up, stretching my numb limbs and put on my backpack. I checked the time. It was half past nine. We had been traveling for two hours?

We seemed to be in the middle of nowhere. The bus stood to the side of a dirt path leading to a nondescript gray block of a building standing in the center of attention, with equally gray and imposing walls extending from its sides all the way to the horizons. All around us were patchy, yellowed grass and weeds, with a few trees here and there. If we had all been kidnapped, I wouldn't have imagined anything different.

"Get in a line," the teacher ordered. She walked up to the building, pressed her finger to a pad, and the doors slid open, groaning all the way.

We filed into the building. The door beeped for each person passing through. A metal detector?

The entire building seemed to just be an antechamber, with the only other door being on the opposite wall. There was a single light flickering on the ceiling. It looked larger from the outside. Were there any secret rooms? Yet I couldn't find any other door.

The teacher produced a box. "Put your phones in here." The box was passed around as students dropped their phones inside. I parted with mine, whispering to it that we would reunite soon. Some people didn't have phones in the first place.

The teacher looked at her watch. "You'll start at ten o'clock sharp," she said. "We will come collect everyone at four P.M. tomorrow. During this time, you must reach the mountain in the far side at least once, and put your name on the sheet in the cave."

"What exactly is behind the door?" A student asked.

"You'll find out. Don't worry. If you die, your family will be duly compensated."

That was not reassuring at all.

"And we hadn't had a major incident since the Unfortunate Mass Bloodshed of 2034."

Even less reassuring.

"You are free to form groups, but I will be breaking up groups larger than five people."

Make it two! Make it *two*!

"Each group send a person up here to get a tent."

Cosmo and Sunny had already settled next to me and Sugarcane. To my surprise, Jewel was also edging closer to us. "I'll go get our tent!" She volunteered. "Some of them are torn. We have to get a good one."

An alarm bell rung. It was the teacher's own phone.

"It's time." She said. She opened the other door and ushered us out.

My jaws dropped. There was a *jungle* behind this. Trees were everywhere, and the entire ground was covered in shrubs.

"Anywhere within fifty meters of the wall is off-limits. Now scram!"
