---
chNum: 16
---

Sunny groaned. "Have we not progressed a *single bit* these past two hours?" He said in exasperation. "We need to know where exactly north is. Does no one have a compass?"

We all shook our heads.

"There may be a way though," Sugarcane said. "Does anyone have an analog watch?"

"I do," Jewel offered. A golden watch was wrapped around her wrist, much like a tiny pet collar.

"Point the hour hand at the sun," Sugarcane instructed. "South would be halfway between twelve o'clock and the hour hand."

Jewel tested it. South was pointing behind us. "Let's make sure we walk in a straight line this time."

We continued on, with Jewel checking her watch every couple hundred meters to make sure we were on the right track.

The sun beamed down. My backpack was weighing down on me more and more, making every step an effort. Sugarcane offered many times to help me carry it, but I refused.

"I did this to myself," I said. "And I will keep doing it."

"You're so stubborn," Sugarcane sighed.

I kept trying to find a time to talk about the Cosmo thing. But every time I looked at Sugarcane, I felt weird and stopped myself.

As we stopped for a break, collapsing on the ground panting, I noticed that the dirt was a lot softer and wetter than it had been near the entrance. It made a mess on my pants, but worse, I heard an incessant buzzing all around us.

"Mosquitos," Cosmo hissed, swatting at the air.

Jewel examined the soft earth. "And the ground is… Wait, I know! We're near the river!"

"The river?" Sunny echoed.

"It flows down from the mountain. If we walk upstream, we'll eventually reach it!"

I should be grateful have an upperclassman on our team, who knew the layout of this mysterious facility. I couldn't imagine me and Sugarcane wandering around in circles, searching for a mountain neither of us could see.

"I have some mosquito sprays," I offered. I reached into my bag and pulled out all three of them. They weren't heavy at all, but packing three was just adding unnecessary weight, which I was glad to be rid of.

We all sprayed ourselves from head to toe, and I insisted the bottles didn't go back in my bag, but to whoever wanted it the most instead. "My bag's heavy enough without them."

Sugarcane gave a can to Cosmo, and I secretly imagined daggers shooting out of my eyes, stabbing her in the face. Sunny, too. Why were they so close to each other?

We walked quickly as the sun edged closer to the horizon. Finally, on the tail of twilight, we heard running water and burst through a row of trees to find a tiny stream, less wide than my arm's length.

"We're here!" Sunny exclaimed, collapsing onto a banyan tree root.

"Let's camp for the night," Jewel said. "We'll follow the river tomorrow."

"We should probably find somewhere drier, though," Sugarcane said. "I'd say we cross the river right here, while it's still narrow."

"Good idea," Jewel agreed. We hopped over the stream and found a patch of clearing big enough to set up the tent.

Jewel unpacked the tent kit she had been carrying. It had once been orange, the color faded with age, but there were no rips or tears, thanks to Jewel picking the right one.

When we were setting it up, however, we quickly realized a problem. It was missing two stakes.

Without the stakes, the tent collapsed awkwardly on us, landing on our heads like a big shared headdress. Also, it was built for four people, and all five of us cramped into the small space.

"Eh, I suppose this can work?" Jewel chuckled. We filed out of the tent, and it immediately collapsed on itself.

"Looks nice to me," Cosmo shrugged. "Who wants some dinner?"

The sun had set completely. I stuck my flashlight upright into the dirt to give us some light. We ended up passing it around and putting it under our chins, making faces and telling ghost stories.

Eventually we were all too tired and crawled in the tent for the night. Jewel took out a blanket, but it was only enough for two people. "Sorry," she said. "I told myself I'd definitely get a partner this year so I won't be traveling alone, but I didn't expect and entire team!"

"I have a sleeping bag," I said. Mom was right; the tent was indeed just a thin piece of fabric, and my back hurt from the tiny pebbles beneath. There was no way I could lay my whole sleeping bag out without taking up too much space, but maybe I could lay it across us as a blanket. The bag had a side zipper, which was even better. When unzipped, it could cover three people.

I thought about asking to exchange it for Jewel's blanket, so Sugarcane and I could use the blanket while those three had my sleeping bag, but Jewel was already throwing the blanket over herself and Sunny, so I was stuck with Cosmo.

Sugarcane lay between me and Cosmo, and I snuggled close. Now was the time.

"Did Cosmo call you 'Sugar' back there?" I asked.

"Huh?" Sugarcane sounded surprised.

"When the branch was about to hit her, and you pulled her back. She said, 'thanks, Sugar' or something."

"Oh yeah," Sugarcane said. "Cosmo likes calling her friends nicknames."

Her friends? She wasn't friends with Sugarcane. *I* was!

"I wanted to call her 'Cane' because it's one syllable, but she insisted on 'Sugar,'" came Cosmo's voice. "On second thought yeah, I admit Sugar is better."

"What should Harmony's nickname be?" Sugarcane wondered.

"Harm?" Cosmo suggested. "That's kind of funny."

"My dad calls me 'Harm' all the time and I hate it," I said.

"Aww, sorry," Cosmo said. "How about Mony then?"

"Mony," Sugarcane said. "I like that. What do you think?"

I hated it. I wanted to be called Harmony in its full glory. But if Sugarcane liked it…

No, Sugarcane would always call me "Harmony" the way I would always call her "Sugarcane." If Cosmo couldn't get to call me one of her stupid nicknames, that was on her.

"Eh, can you just call me Harmony?"

"Fair," Cosmo said. "Harmony's a good name."

I slowly drifted into a light sleep.

---

I did not sleep well, and I was pretty sure neither did anyone else. When I woke up with a back sore, feeling like I hadn't slept at all, only Cosmo and I were still in the tent. The tent was practically collapsed already, the roof functioning as another layer of blankets.

I poked my head outside and found Sugarcane and the other two huddled around each other, sitting on the ground.

"Hey Sugarcane!" I said.

All three of them immediately turned their heads towards me and held a finger to their mouths.

I clasped my own mouth shut, and advanced quietly around them to see what they were on about.

Lying on the grass beside a small backpack, with his head resting on a tree root and his body covered by Sunny's kite, was Thunder, fast asleep.
